Inital version (#7)
AGH-CEAI/aegis_ros: aegis_bringup/README.md

# aegis_bringup

> The package contains the configuration and launch files necessary to start all the basic functionalities of the Aegis robot station..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides the configuration and launch files required to enable all basic functionalities of the Aegis robot station.
```

## Launch files

> - `bringup.launch.py`: Responsible for running the whole ROS 2 stack for the whole robot station.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `bringup.launch.py`: Responsible for running the entire ROS 2 stack for the robot station.
```
